---
description: MAHA powers ZAI, the stable money of the Ethermind
cover: .gitbook/assets/1500x500.png
coverY: 0
layout:
  cover:
    visible: true
    size: full
  title:
    visible: true
  description:
    visible: true
  tableOfContents:
    visible: true
  outline:
    visible: true
  pagination:
    visible: true
---

# Welcome

MAHA (previously known as MahaDAO) is a community-powered decentralized organization. Our mission is to create a stable and thriving economy through innovative financial products, notably our 0% interest Liquid Restaking-based stablecoin, ZAI (USDz).

## Key Components

### **Governance Token: $MAHA**

$MAHA is crucial to our ecosystem for **providing security and incentives**. It helps ensure the smooth operation and growth of the MAHA community.

Holding $MAHA allows members to earn **rewards** linked to the economy's growth. With a total supply capped at 10 million tokens, $MAHA's **scarcity** helps drive its value and supports revenue generation.

### **Stablecoin: $ZAI (USDz)**

$ZAI, or USDz, is a yield-bearing stablecoin designed to promote economic stability within the MAHA ecosystem.

Users can borrow against liquid restaking tokens (LRTs) at a 0% interest rate, making it a cost-effective borrowing solution.

By leveraging LRTs, users can borrow $ZAI and earn real yield, contributing to the ecosystem's overall health and liquidity.

## Launch Features

MAHA provides several features aimed at offering utility and flexibility to users:

### **Borrow**

* **Deposit LRTs as Collateral**: Users can deposit Liquid Restaking Tokens (LRTs) as collateral.
* **Zero Interest Fee**: Borrow $USDz at a 0% interest fee.

### **Redeem**

* **Versatility**: Use $USDz to participate in the stability pool, farm across DeFi platforms, or simply hold it as a stable asset.

### **Earn**

* **Collateral Redemption**: Redeem collateral at any time by repaying the loan with $USDz.
* **Stake/Unstake**: Stake $USDz to receive yield generated by the protocol.

### Governance and Community

* **Community-Focused**: MAHA is designed to be community-focused, with the DAO playing a central role in decision - making of the ecosystem.
* **DAO + DeFi Platform**: MAHA combines decentralized governance through the $MAHA token with the DeFi capabilities of ZAI ($USDz).

In the following few sections of the documentation, you will find many more methods MAHA tries to achieve decentralization, the philosophy behind MAHA, and ways in which you can become a contributor and join our journey.&#x20;
